Support for trailing comma (#179)
tact-lang/tact: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed
- Update the `dump` function to handle addresses: PR [#175](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/175)

> - Support for trailing comma: PR [#179](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/179)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support trailing commas for struct fields and function arguments: PR [#179](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/179)
```
